
Test for Unit 4, Week 1

1) What is the purpose of using .convert('L') when loading the image?
a) To convert the image to RGB
b) To resize the image
c) To convert the image to grayscale
d) To apply a filter
Answer: To convert the image to grayscale

2) What type of quantization is implemented in the code?
a) Non-uniform quantization
b) Logarithmic quantization
c) Uniform quantization
d) Variable-level quantization
Answer: Uniform quantization

3) How many quantization levels are created in the program?
a) 255
b) 8
c) 16
d) 4
Answer: 8

4) Which intensity range is mapped to the quantized value 3?
a) 0-31
b) 64-95
c) 96-127
d) 160-191
Answer: 96-127

5) What is the purpose of the pixelMap = im.load() line?
a) It saves the image to disk
b) It loads pixel data into a NumPy array
c) It opens the image tile
d) It gives access to individual pixels of the image
Answer: It gives access to individual pixels of the image

6) Which line ensures that the output image remains in grayscale mode?
a) img = Image.new(im.mode, im.size)
b) img = Image.new('L', im.size)
c) im = Image.open('images.jpg')
d) J = numpy.asarray(Image.open('lena_2.jpg'))
Answer: img = Image.new('L', im.size)

7) What is the role of the line img.save('lena_2.jpg')?
a) It loads a new image
b) It displays the image
c) It writes the quantized image to a file
d) It converts the image to a NumPy array
Answer: It writes the quantized image to a file

8) Which of the following quantized values corresponds to the intensity range 192-223?
a) 5
b) 6
c) 4
d) 2
Answer: 6

9) Why is there no separate variable like intensity used in the loop?
a) Because pixelMap[i, j] directly gives the quantized value
b) To save memory by avoiding additional variables
c) To increase the range of pixel values
d) To ensure the image remains in color mode
Answer: To save memory by avoiding additional variables

10) What would happen if the input image was not converted to grayscale before quantization?
a) The program would raise an error
b) The pixelMap[i, j] would return a tuple instead of a single value
c) The quantization would still work correctly
d) The image would be blurred
Answer: The pixelMap[i, j] would return a tuple instead of a single value
